pilots hello welcome to a quick detail
look of the unboxing of the free wing 80
millimeter electric ducted fan f-86 I'm
blown away by the scale fidelity of this
aircraft here's the tail section you can
see the the tubes there that help you
install them to the fuselage along with
the hard points there for the elevator
and the vertical stabilizer the wing is
just beautiful the hinges are mechanical
hinge from tip to root there's the ball
links ball links for flaps retracts
installed everything is installed this
plane is available as a plug-and-play or
kit plug-and-play is 299 both versions
come with an 80 amp electronic speed
control the kit form comes with the six
bladed fan rather than the 12 bladed fan
the 12 bladed fan version requires 6l
power although if you fly the kit you
can run four cell power again hard
points for the rudder this is the only
surface that doesn't have the ball links
but you do still have the mechanical
hinges another detail the hard points
for the tail surfaces you access through
the bottom of the tail the hard points
for the rudder and elevator the slot
above there's where the servo wires go
again the panel lines rivet detail
stenciling completely blows me away
there's plenty of room in the battery
hatch to accommodate all the way up to
4500 6l Pak check it out
this planes a blast can't wait to get it
assembled